- [Instructor] We're going to modify the receiver.java
class, clean and build the app, and then run the app.
We will look back at the ActiveMQ web console
to verify the messages have been read off the queue.
Let's go back to our receiver class
and remove the comments we placed previously.
We will also modify the JMS listener annotation
and remove the connection factory property
since this will now be set via
a new Spring configuration bean.
Back on the application.java class file.
Let's go to the application class file now.
We will add a default
JMS listener container factory bean.
And we're gonna type the following:
DefaultJmsListenerContainerFactory,
we'll call this a factory and we'll initialize it
with a new default listener Container Factory.
With the factory created, we will set our
connection factory
and we'll use the connection factory we
created earlier.
The other thing we're gonna do here,
is we're gonna set the factory concurrency level.
And we'll set this to 1-1.
And then we'll return the factory.
And that should be it.
Now, let's build the app.
And then we'll run it.
So now we'll type in how to run the app again.
Type in java-jar build/libs and then again,
this should be the only jar file located here,
so a tab should bring this up.
Hit Enter.
It will run pretty quickly, as you can see.
There's our message, order received, Hello.
And you also notice that the application didn't end
this time because the JMS listener is invoked.
Let's switch back to our ActiveMQ web console.
We'll click on queues.
And we'll notice that there are no messages left
in the order queue.
Clicking inside, likewise, demonstrates that the
message has been removed.
So we modified our receiver class and added
a default JMS listener container factory bean
and ran the application, then we verified the messages
have been removed.